Put possible quotes here:

Ron Swanson:
Under my tutelage, you will grow from boys to men. From men into gladiators. And from gladiators into Swansons.
No home is complete without a proper toolbox.
When people get a little too chummy with me I like to call them by the wrong name to let them know I don’t really care about them.
It’s always a good idea to demonstrate to your coworkers that you are capable of withstanding a tremendous amount of pain.
There are three acceptable haircuts: high and tight, crew cut, buzz cut.
Capitalism: God’s way of determining who is smart and who is poor.
Crying: acceptable at funerals and the Grand Canyon.
Fish, for sport only, not for meat. Fish meat is practically a vegetable.
Friends: one to three is sufficient.
Honor: if you need it defined, you don’t have it.
One rage every three months is permitted. Try not to hurt anyone who doesn’t deserve it
Only women shave beneath the neck.
Whenever available, choose quantity over quality.
Work together as if your life depended on it...IT DOES!
Take what's yours.
Greatness itself is the best revenge.
Trust yourself.
Do not trust anyone else.
Shorts over 6" are capri pants. Shorts under 6" are European.
Discipline is the ability to repeat a boring thing over and over again.
Avoid skim milk.
Don't waste energy moving unless necessary.
Cultivating a manly musk puts your opponents on notice.
A torso should be think and impenetrable.
Give 100%. 110% is impossible. Only idiots recommend that.
Property rights exist. Do not let them be taken away from you.
Building walls makes you strong. Defending them makes you even stronger.
Only sweat during physical activity or love making. No emotional sweating.
You are your biggest ally.
Handshakes: Firm, dry, solid. 3 seconds.
Sting like a bee. Do not float like a butterfly. That's ridiculous.
Secure the land.
Live off the land.
Facial hair: Full, think and square. Nothing Sculpted. If you have to sculpt it, that probably means you can't grow it.
There are three ways to motivate people: money, fear, and hunger.
You know what makes a good person good? When a good person does something bad, they own up to it. They try to learn something from it and move on.
Birthdays were invented by Hallmark to sell cards.
Don't start chasing applause and acclaim. That way lies madness.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Don't teach a man to fish and you feed yourself. He's a grown man. Fishing's not that hard.
If it doesn't have meat, it's a snack.

Andy Dwyer:
I kind of forgot that you need money when you have a girlfriend.
Life is pointless and nothing matters.
The show must go wrong.
Did you know that the food you eat becomes energy?
If you rearrange the letters of Peru, you could spell Europe.
Windows are the eyes to the house.
You're like an angel with no wings.
Running is impossible.
Anything is a toy if you play with it.

April Ludgate:
I'm gonna tell you a secret about everyone else's job. No one knows what they're doing.
Time is money. Money is power. Power is pizza. Pizza is knowledge.
Dark places are awesome.

Leslie Knope:
I stand behind my decision to avoid salad and other disgusting things.
Jingle bells, jingle yay, jingle good for you!
Every time I look at it, I just think to myself "What can't that centaur woman do?" Besides ride an escalator and drive a car. Art can be so magnificent.
Everybody pants now! Pants, pants, pants, pants, pants.
Hey Leslie, it's Leslie. Hang in there. I love you. Bye.
I believe that assault should be legal if the person is a jerk.
My hair looks amazing.
I need another second please, I need to remember every little thing about how perfect my life is right now.
What I hear when I’m being yelled at is people caring about me really loudly.
We’re all just calm and happy people together, enjoying ourselves on Earth.
I am big enough to admit I am often inspired by myself.
Men enjoy it when a woman is better than them at something they love.
You only get one chance to make a second impression.
Nope, can't fly away. This is real life.

Tom Haverford:
Warning! High levels of swagger coming through.
Everywhere I go, I'm walking on red carpet.
I have never taken the high road. But I tell other people to 'cause then there's more room for me on the low road.
Treat yo self.
I don't know which idea's better, but I do know I'll end up on the winning side. When I bet on horses, I never lose. Why? I bet on all the horses.
This tastes as delicious as Beyoncè smells.
At the risk of bragging, one of the things I'm best at is riding coattails. Behind every successful man is me, smiling and taking partial credit.
Not loving 90's R&B music is #3 on the Oh-No-No's list.
Sometimes you gotta work a little, so you can ball a lot.

Jack Donaghy:
Never follow a hippie to a second location
I don't sleep on planes. I don't want to get incepted.
I didn't get a bathroom door that looks like a wall by not being good at business.
I get my hair cut every two days—after all, your hair is your head suit.

Liz Lemon:
I want to go to there.
No, I don't need anyone. I can do every single thing a person in a relationship can, everything!
Put potato chips on a sandwich.
Yes to love, yes to life, yes to staying in more!

Tracy Jordan:
Dress every day like you gonna get murdered in those clothes.
I am a Jedi!
Your boos are not scaring me. I know most of you are not ghosts.
I'm gonna take a nap. See you in ten hours.
You don't realize how beautiful the sunset is till it's the last one you'll ever see.
This job is hard! I just wanna be able to do what I wanna do. Do you know I once shot a whole movie without ever getting out of my car?
My incompetence knows no bounds.
The night is young. And neither are you.
Live every week like it's shark week.
I'm not going to rehearse. I'm going to get a sandwich and then eat it on the toilet.
Stop eating people's old French fries, pigeon! Have some self respect! Don't you know you can fly?

Dwight Schrute:
The hand that reaches from the grave to grab your throat is the strong hand you want on the wheel
It's better to be hurt by someone you know, accidentally, than by a stranger, on purpose
I am ready to face any challenges that might be foolish enough to face me.
There are too many people on this earth; we need a new plague.
The eyes are the groin of the head.
Before I do anything I ask myself, "would an idiot do that?" And if the answer is yes, I do not do that thing
A real man swallows his vomit when a lady is present.
In the wild there is no healthcare. In the wild, health care is, "ow, I hurt my leg. I can't run. A lion eats me. I'm dead.' Well, I'm not dead. I'm the lion. You're dead.
Money isn't real ever since we got off the gold standard.
Five minutes ahead of schedule. Right on schedule.

Michael Scott:
Make friends first, make sales second, make love third. In no particular order.
I am Beyoncè always.
There is no such thing as an inappropriate joke, that's why it's a joke.
Don't ever, for any reason, do anything to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what. No matter...where. Or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or...or where you've been...ever. For any reason, whatsoever.
I understand nothing.
Swag: Stuff we all get.
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
I am an early bird and a night owl...so I am wise and I have worms.
Fool me once, strike one, but fool me twice......................strike three.
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy, both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
It's never too early for ice-cream.
That's what she said.
"'You miss 100% of the shots you don't take' -Wayne Getzky" -Michael Scott.
It's a pimple, Phyllis. Avril Lavigne gets them all the time, and she rocks harder than anyone alive.
Wikipedia is the best thing ever. Anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject. So you know you are getting the best possible information.
You just gots to get your freak on.
You may look around you and see two different groups of people: white collar and blue collar. But I don't see it that way. You know why not? Because I am collar-blind.
If a baby were president, there would be no taxes, there would be no war.
Only thing that could make this day better is ice cream.
Society teaches us that having feelings and crying is bad and wrong. Well, that's baloney, because grief is wrong. There is such a thing as good grief. Just ask Charlie Brown.
Crazy world. Lotta smells.

John Dorian:
Admitting we're not heroic is when we're the most heroic of all.
Sometimes in life when you get what you want, you end up missing what you left behind.
A person doesn't have to be perfect to be exacly what you need.
Different doesn't always mean bad, it just means different.
You can’t predict what’s going to happen. But sometimes, the thing you didn’t expect is what you really wanted after all. Maybe the best thing to do is stop trying to figure out where you’re going and just enjoy where you’re at.
Sometimes the answer you get is the one you least expect. but more often than not, the answers we’ve been looking for have been inside us all along. i guess the important thing is to never stop searching.
I’ve been thinking a lot lately about taking chances, and how it’s really just about overcoming your fears. Because the truth is, everytime you take a big risk in your life, no matter how it ends up, you’re always glad you took it.
I guess when you care about someone, you’ll do whatever you can to make ’em happy.”
The truth is, it is all your memories, the joyful ones and the heartbreaking ones that make up who you are as a person.
Cause even if it breaks your heart to be ‘just friends’, if you really care about someone, you’ll take the hit.
The easiest way to lose something is to want it too badly.
I don’t think people are meant to be by themselves. That’s why if you find someone you acutally care about, it’s important to let go of the little things. Even if you can’t let go all the way. Becuase nothing stinks more than being all alone. No matter how many people are around.”
There comes a time when every man has to make a choice. Whether it’s a professional choice…Or whether it’s a personal choice. In the end, it’s about integrity. And it’s about chasing after what you really want. Even if that means showing you both care a little. And sometimes…well, sometimes you just have to do what’s right for your friend. Even if it means sacrificing your own happiness. When it comes down to it, you just have to be proud of the decision you make.
It’s not always easy to do the right thing. Like putting someone else’s feelings first for a change. Even if it goes against what you really want. Of course, there’s always ramifications…Even if you do the right thing, there’s no guarantee it’ll turn out the right way.
I guess it comes down to how we want to be seen by other people. Some people want to be seen as the rebel. Some people just want to be seen, period. Some people have limits on how far they’ll go to protect their image. For me, it was when I stopped worrying about how other people saw me that I finally started to look better.
I think one of the most universal human experiences is feeling alone. You’d never know it, but there’s most likely tons of people feeling the exact same way. Maybe because you’re feeling abandoned. Maybe because you realize that you aren’t as self-sufficient as you thought. Maybe because you know you should’ve handled something differently. Or maybe because you aren’t as good as you thought you were. Either way, when you hit that low point, you have a choice. You can either wallow in self-pity…Or you can suck it up. It’s your call.
It’s a mystery how one woman can drive you crazy over and over again, while another can bring you right back down to earth. In the end you have to trust that the perfect woman will always lead you in the right direction.
Some people hide from who they really are, others accept who they are. But, sometimes, it’s the tough moments that help you realize who you’ve finally become.
The problem with people who only want what they can’t have is that once they have what they want, they don’t want it anymore.
Shower shorts: for the man who has nothing to hide, but still wants to.
Who can tell me that my fantasies won’t come true? Just this once...

Chris Turk:
If you really love someone you've got to be willing to break their spirit.
We all have those bleak moments where we swear we’ll never bounce back. Like when I was seventeen, my mom walked in my room with a look that I had never seen. She said, “it’s over Turk...Michael Jordan’s career is over.”

Perry Cox (Dr. Cox):
Relationships don’t work they way they do on television and in the movies. Will they? Won’t they? And then they finally do, and they’re happy forever. 
Bottom line: it’s couples who are truly right for each other wade through the same crap as everybody else, but the big difference is they don’t let it take them down. One of those two people will stand up and fight for that relationship every time. If it’s right, and they’re real lucky, one of them will say something.







